# FedEx Submission - Team 30

## Directory Structure of the Final Submission
```
├── output.txt
├── README.md
├── results
│   ├── extreme_points
│   │   └── FINAL_SOLUTION_28658.txt
│   └── milp
│       └── solution_29270.txt
└── src
    ├── extreme_points
    │   ├── main.cpp
    │   ├── Makefile
    │   ├── package.in
    │   ├── plot_cost_v_time.py
    │   ├── README.md
    │   ├── solver.cpp
    │   ├── solver.h
    │   └── ULD.in
    ├── genetic
    │   ├── genetic.cpp
    │   ├── genetic.h
    │   ├── main.cpp
    │   ├── Makefile
    │   ├── packets.txt
    │   ├── packing.cpp
    │   ├── packing.h
    │   ├── parse_data.cpp
    │   ├── parse_data.h
    │   ├── readme.md
    │   ├── types.h
    │   └── uld.txt
    ├── milp
    │   ├── README.md
    │   └── src
    └── visualize
        ├── PackageData.txt
        ├── README.md
        ├── solution.txt
        ├── UldData.txt
        └── visualizer.py
```

---

## Description

### **`results/`**
- **Purpose**: Stores output files generated by our algorithms.
- **Subdirectories**:
  - **`extreme_points/`**: The output generated by our extreme point heuristic with neighbour swap.
  - **`milp/`**: The output generated by milp after post-processing with gravity and weight adjustments.

### **`src/`**
- **Purpose**: Houses all source code and scripts used for the problem statement.
- **Subdirectories**:
  - **`extreme_points/`**: Extreme point based packing algorithm with additonal neighbour swap search to fine tune the received solutions.
  - **`genetic/`**: Implements genetic algorithm for finding good packing sequences and orientation.
  - **`milp/`**: Contains scripts and utilities for Mixed Integer Linear Programming.
    - **`src/`**: Subdirectory for core milp-related scripts.
      - **`data/`**: Stores data set.
  - **`visualize/`**: Scripts and tools for visualizing results and performing checks on our solutions.

### **`output.txt`**
This is our final output file for submission. It was generated using our extreme point heuristic and neighbour swap search was used for fine-tuning.

---

### Usage
1. **Results**: The `results/` directory is where you can find all processed outputs.
2. **Source Code**: The `src/` directory contains implementations for different algorithms and visualization tools. Each folder has a separate readme file explaining the setup and steps to run the code.
